Update Upgrading Guide for 7.6 (#1592)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: upgrading/topics/rhsso/changes-76.adoc

  - `gutter` attr changed to `hasGutter`

- Modal

  - sizing control changed from, e.g. `isLarge`, to use `ModalVariant`, e.g. `variant={ModalVariant.large}`

- Select

  - `ariaLabelTypeAhead` to `typeAheadAriaLabel`

  - `isExpanded` to `isOpen`

  - `ariaLabelledBy` to `aria-labelledby`

- DataListContent

  - `noPadding` to `hasNoPadding`

=== Client Policies Migration : client-scopes

If you used a policy including client-scopes condition and edited JSON document directly, you will need to change the "scope" field name in a JSON document to "scopes".

=== Liquibase upgraded to version 4.6.2

Liquibase was updated from version 3.5.5 to 4.6.2, which includes, among other things, several bug fixes, and a new way of registering custom extensions using `ServiceLoader`.

Closely follow the <<_upgrading,Upgrading Guide>>, specifically of *backing up
existing database before upgrade*. While we did our best to test the consequences of the Liquibase upgrade, some installations could be using specific setup unknown to us.

=== Deprecated features in the {project_operator}

With this release, we have deprecated `podDisruptionBudget` field in the Keycloak CR of {project_operator}.

> This optional field will be ignored when the Operator is deployed on OCP 4.12 and newer
> 
> This optional field will be ignored when the Operator is deployed on Kubernetes version 1.25 and higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This optional field will be ignored when the Operator is deployed on OCP 4.12 and newer.
```

=== Client Policies Migration : client-scopes

If you used a policy including client-scopes condition and edited JSON document directly, you will need to change the "scope" field name in a JSON document to "scopes".

=== Liquibase upgraded to version 4.6.2

Liquibase was updated from version 3.5.5 to 4.6.2, which includes, among other things, several bug fixes, and a new way of registering custom extensions using `ServiceLoader`.

Closely follow the <<_upgrading,Upgrading Guide>>, specifically of *backing up
existing database before upgrade*. While we did our best to test the consequences of the Liquibase upgrade, some installations could be using specific setup unknown to us.

=== Proxy environment variables

{project_name} now respects the standard `HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY` and `NO_PROXY` environment variables for outgoing
HTTP requests. This change could lead to unexpected use of a proxy server if you have for example the `HTTP_PROXY` variable defined but have no
explicit proxy mappings specified in your SPI configuration. To prevent {project_name} from using those environment variables,
you can explicitly create a no proxy route for all requests as `.*;NO_PROXY`.

> For more details, see the link:{installguide_link}#_proxy_env_vars[related chapter in the {installguide_name}].

Reviewer: This was [part of 7.5.1](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/KEYCLOAK-19420) but probably was missing from the  release notes. Not sure if we should mention it for 7.6.0.

=== Deprecated features in the {project_operator}

> With this release, we have deprecated `podDisruptionBudget` field in the Keycloak CR of the https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-operator[legacy {project_operator}].
> This optional field will be ignored when the Operator is deployed on Kubernetes version 1.25 and higher.

Reviewer: From the RH-SSO perspective, there's nothing like "legacy operator".

```suggestion
With this release, we have deprecated `podDisruptionBudget` field in the Keycloak CR of {project_operator}.
This optional field will be ignored when the Operator is deployed on OCP 4.12 and newer.
```

As a workaround, you can manually create the Pod Disruption Budget in your cluster, for example:
```yaml
apiVersion: policy/v1
kind: PodDisruptionBudget
metadata:
  labels:
    app: keycloak
  name: keycloak
spec:
  maxUnavailable: 1
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      component: keycloak
```
See also the https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/[Kubernetes Documentation].

=== Keycloak Operator examples including unsupported Metrics extension

> Previously, an unsupported metrics extension was added in the example for the creation of the Keycloak CR by the {project_operator}. This has been removed.

Reviewer: I wouldn't mention this. This mainly concerned the upstream, as in downstream we don't have the affected examples.
